I'm inside of my setup file.
I'm at the very bottom and I'm taking a look at that sign in function.
We had originally created this function to be used back inside of our service.
The goal of the function was to come up with some email and password, then make a request to sign up
with that email and password.
We then took the cookie out of the response and return the cookie from the function.
Now this function right here, we're just fine inside of our off service because the service had a route
handler for signing up.
Unfortunately, the same thing is not going to work inside of our tickets service.
The ticket service.
At no point in time is ever going to have a route like this where we're going to try to create some
kind of account for the user.
So unfortunately, we are not going to be able to use this kind of approach right here to somehow get
a cookie.
You might be thinking, hey, during our test suite or for the ticket's test suite, let's just make
a request over to the service to sign up for an account and we could get a cookie that way.
Well, we definitely do not want to set up any kind of inter-service dependency while we are running
tests.
In other words, when we're running tests for the ticket service, we should not try to reach out and
make requests to anything else inside of our application whatsoever under any circumstance.
All tests we run side of here should be 100% self contained.
So in short, the code we have right here is just not going to work to somehow get a cookie.
But we still need to have some ability to kind of fake being signed in inside of our test environment
while we're running these tests.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, remember this overall function, the whole goal of it is to really just return a cookie.
And inside that cookie is the JSON web token.
So with that in mind, I want to go back over to the browser.
I want to try to sign up for our application once again, and I want to take a look at that cookie that
gets returned to us when we successfully sign up.
So back inside my browser.
I'm going to navigate to our application at ticketing dev.
You'll notice I am not currently signed in.
I'm going to go in attempt to sign up.
And before I sign up, I'm going to open up my network request tab.
I'm then going to enter in some random email address and a password.
After I sign up, I can see the sign up request and then I see two requests to current user.
We do not really need to make two requests.
That is a bug that we're going to fix up a little bit later on when we go back to the React application
again.
But what's more relevant, I want to take a look at those current user requests.
So I'll click on either one.
I'm going to go to the headers tab and I'll take a look at the request headers.
Under request headers is the cookie that is being sent from my browser up to the server.
So remember this thing right here?
That is what actually identifies us to the server.
If we could just take that information right there and send it to the server in any arbitrary request,
we will be considered to be authenticated.
So ultimately, that cookie that we just saw on the browser is what we want to return from this function.
So rather than trying to obtain a real cookie by going through the signup process, what if we could
somehow fabricate a cookie or just make one on our own in this function and then return it?
Well, that's exactly what we're going to do.
We're going to build our own cookie up from scratch inside of here.
We're then going to return it from this function, and then we can use that cookie to sign into our
application while we were running our tests for tickets.
Now this process is going to be just a little bit complicated, but to be honest with you, it's going
to build upon everything that we've already done around authentication.
So this is really all the same stuff.
We are just doing some of these steps by hand instead.
The first thing I want to do is take the actual cookie data inside of here and just give you a quick
reminder of what's actually inside of here.
So I'm going to copy everything after express colon equals.
So it will probably start with an e y.
I'm going to take everything to the end.
I'm going to copy that.
And then we're going to go to website that we took a look at a while ago.
Base64 DD Code.org.
I'm going to paste that cookie information side of here and then decode it.
So the cookie data is encoded in base 64.
When we decode it and get back some actual plain text, what we get back is a JSON object.
So this is not a JavaScript object right here.
This is JSON data, it has the key of JWT and then the value for that is our actual JSON web token.
So with all this in mind, here's what we have to do back inside of sign in.
Let's write out some comments just to guide ourselves.
I'm going to delete everything inside there.
I'll then replace it.
With a couple of comments.
The first thing I'm going to do is build a JSON Web token payload.
So remember for us, the payload is going to have or be an object that has an ID, an email, and was
there anything else inside there?
I think there is technically also the issue that time, but really for you and I, we really just care
about the ID and the email.
So all we really have to do is build up that object.
That's pretty much it.
After that, we're going to create the.
Jason Webb token.
We're going to create the JSON web token by running that same kind of JWT sign function that we had
put together back when we were doing our authentication stuff back in the auth middleware.
Remember, when we create a JSON web token, we have to include or make use of a JSON web token key.
And we already defined that up here inside of our before all statement.
We're then going to create or kind of build up this session object.
So that really just means take the JSON web token we just generated and stick it into an object where
it has a key of JWT and then a value of the JSON web token we just built.
That's all that really means.
So pretty much just build an object.
It looks like JWT my JWT.
We're then going to turn that session into JSON.
And then after that, we're going to take JSON and encode it as base 64 as we just saw because we had
to run that thing through the Base 64 Decode tool when our data is actually set inside the cookie.
The cookie session middleware is going to encode it as base 64, and that's why it turns up as that
kind of long string as characters.
And then finally, we're going to return a string.
That's the cookie with the encoded data.
So what I mean by this right here will remember in order to actually send this cookie along, here's
the cookie right here, we have to take the cookie data or the real session data itself.
And we're going to set it on this key right here of express colon ssh equals.
And then that's going to be our encoded cookie data.
So basically just build up a string that looks like that right there.
Okay.
So we definitely have our steps laid out for us here.
Now, I know a lot of this stuff might seem a little bit daunting, but to be honest with you, the
code for this is going to be super straightforward.
Really super straightforward.
It's me, basically.
Exactly each step you see right here, each in turn.
And as soon as we put this thing together, we're going to have a foolproof way of simulating ourselves
being authenticated in the test environment.
Okay, quick pause here.
Build this up in just a moment.